Add downstream configuration template (#817)
packit/packit.dev: docs/configuration/downstream_configuration_template.md

---
title: Downstream configuration template
sidebar_position: 2
---

This is a template for configuration of Packit's Fedora release automation (dist-git only).

## How to use the template
1. copy the content
2. create a `packit.yaml`/`.packit.yaml` file in root directory of your dist-git repository in your `rawhide` branch
and paste the content
3. resolve the TODOs
4. (optionally) run [`packit validate-config`](/docs/cli/validate-config) to make sure the configuration is valid

## Template
```yaml
# See the documentation for more information:
# https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/

> # TODO fill in the URL to the upstream Git repo
> upstream_project_url: https://github.com/<upstream-repository>

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the github.com example, it could confuse someone (even though GitHub is used by majority of upstreams).

How about:

```suggestion
# TODO fill in the URL to the upstream Git repo (one that can be passed to `git clone`, it should be read-only)
upstream_project_url: https://<upstream-git-repository-url>
```

or

```suggestion
# TODO fill in a URL you would use to anonymously clone the upstream Git repo (other VCS are currently not supported)
upstream_project_url: https://<upstream-git-repository-url>
```

Author: I rephrased it a little bit, but as for the example URL, I would stick with something more concrete

Author: PTAL

# TODO optionally uncomment and fill in the URL of repository where you want to be notified via issues about errors
#issue_repository: https://github.com/<my-repo-for-issues>

> # TODO uncomment and adjust if upstream uses different versioning schema
> # https://packit.dev/docs/configuration#upstream_tag_template
> #upstream_tag_template: v{version}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TODO unless upstream tags are not plain version strings, you need to uncomment this and adjust the template to match the upstream tag format
# https://packit.dev/docs/configuration#upstream_tag_template
#upstream_tag_template: v{version}
```

# TODO uncomment and adjust if you want Packit to filter upstream tags that should be reacted upon
# https://packit.dev/docs/configuration#upstream_tag_include
# https://packit.dev/docs/configuration#upstream_tag_exclude
#upstream_tag_include: <python-regex>
#upstream_tag_exclude: <python-regex>

jobs:
# https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/downstream/pull_from_upstream
# TODO check whether there is Fedora mapping for your project in https://release-monitoring.org/projects/

> # TODO enable monitoring in left side in https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/<your-package>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TODO make sure Monitoring status on the left side at https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/<your-package> is set to Monitoring or Monitoring and scratch builds
```
